Lately, the Lord said, 'Brandon, I need you to encourage my people.
I need you to tell them about what's coming: about the glory, about the last outpouring, the Holy Ghost, miracle restoration, and revival.
' I'm excited to be with you all again today.
I have another video for you, of course.
I told you all it's like looking at a thin quarter or whatever you have in your country—a coin.
You can either focus on the dark or you can focus on the light.
It's like two sides of a coin: the darkness is going to get darker in these last days with the birthing pains, but the Lord told me the light is going to start getting lighter.
You can see it; it'll be tangible.
The last outpouring, a great harvest of souls, is what's about to happen.
We're about to see one of the greatest things, like Bible times, like when Moses parted the Red Sea and walked across dry land, the plagues, and all the things you know—seeing blinded eyes open, deaf ears pop open, and autistic children completely delivered and set free by the power of God.
We're about to see those things.
If the Bible were still being written today, we would be part of the next chapter.
I truly believe it with all my heart; that's how amazing these miracles are going to be.
I believe with all my heart that people will be translating from one place to another, going and preaching the gospel.
You may be in a city in America and all of a sudden you're in Africa, Asia, Australia, or South America.
I believe those are the kinds of things we're going to start to see—the glory of God.
These testimonies that I'm about to show you, that Sister Billye here—she read off a bunch of prophecies that Brother Hagin gave from the '80s and the '70s and right before he went home, about the last outpouring, about the glorious church rising up and being what we were called to be.
This one was given in 1980: 'We're right on the verge of the greatest move and manifestation of the spirit of God this world has ever seen.
Praise God, here we go.
' And if you'll give the more earnest heed unto these things which you have heard—so think about, this was back in 1980 about faith and healing—but those things which you've heard about the Holy Spirit, about angels, about divine visitations, about visions and dreams.
'And upon my handmaidens I'll pour out my spirit and they'll prophesy; my young men will prophesy, the young women will prophesy.
' The anointing and the outflow of the spirit of God shall be great and amazing in these days, and there shall be visitations of angels.
He goes on to speak about the glory of the Lord and the cloud of glory.
Praise God!
Gloria likes this part so much; it's one of her favorite prophecies from Brother Hagin.
'You will flow in the supernatural as your mind will be changed.
' Praise God!
I renew mine now; I didn't catch that part before, Gloria.
'Your heart shall be prepared and your mind will be changed until you will flow in the supernatural as naturally as a bird flies in the air.
You will flow in the supernatural as naturally as a fish will swim in water.
You will flow in the supernatural as naturally as you breathe the very air.
' Praise God!
'You will not be conscious of your faith; you'll not be conscious of what's going on around you, but rather you'll be more conscious of the flow of the spirit of God.
He will manifest himself and he will accomplish that which he desires for you.
See, these are the last days and this is the end time.
' Thank you, Jesus!
'And you shall walk, and you shall run, and you shall fly.
' Praise God, literally and spiritually speaking!
Hallelujah!
I chose some other ones because I want you to see this one given in 2002.
The Lord told us what to do to get it.
'We are just about to enter into an area in the realm of the spirit in which only a few of us have touched, but it will be widespread.
' Thank you, Jesus!
'And all whose hearts are open, and whose minds are clear, and who are sincere and honest—those are the ones that will move in.
For a great cloud of glory is hanging just over our heads.
' Praise God!
'And that cloud will burst into a torrent of outflow of the rain of the spirit.
' That's what you saw, Lucy.
'And the power of God shall not only be in us but rest upon us, and the plan and the purpose of God shall be consummated.
' God has a plan!
Not only for your life and mine, not only for your church and my ministry, but God has a plan for the last days.
Be honest, sincere, and determined.
'I'm walking and will walk in his plan and fulfill his purpose, for these are the last days.
' It's time for us to change our thinking in some areas.
It's time for us to listen to our hearts and listen to our spirits for counsel.
'I need counseling!
Can you counsel me?
' You have a counselor on the inside of you, the Holy Spirit, and he will counsel with you.
He will talk to you; he will talk with you.
He will instruct you; he will show you just what to do, and you'll be glad.
And the plan of God will be consummated and the end shall come.
The dead in Christ shall rise, and we which are alive and remain will be caught up together to meet the Lord in the air, and so shall we ever be with the Lord.
So rejoice and be glad!
Praise God!
Now, this one: 'There will be a revival of the supernatural—not only the supernatural in casting out devils, not only the supernatural in healing the sick, not only the supernatural in speaking with other tongues, but the supernatural in the seen realm.
Men will see the glory of God.
A cloud will hang over certain congregations, even the church buildings, for days at a time.
' And everybody who passes by—sinner and saint alike—will say, 'What in the world is that?
I've never seen anything like that!
' And there will be in other places the fire of the spirit that will actually become literal.
In the spirit realm, some of us have seen it; we've been conscious of the fire of God, but the fire will actually come into manifestation.
There will be people, sinners as well as saints, that will see fire over the heads of the people.
There will be people driving down the street or down the highway and they'll see fire on the tops of the buildings, and they will come and say, 'What does all this mean?
' But you see—now get this—the Lord will use signs of his presence to bring people in in the last days.
That's how we're going to get the harvest right there.
The outpouring of the spirit is going to draw them in.
'I will use signs of his to bring people in in the last days.
' Praise the Lord!
Men and women too will be transported like Philip was and found in another place.
And great shall be the reward thereof, for the Lord God is the same today as he was yesterday.
His power has not diminished and his name is still the same today.
He can make the iron ax head float today; he can divide the river just for two men to cross over today; he can feed five thousand with a little boy's lunch.
He is the miracle-working God!
Yes, this is what I've been looking for lately: the instruction.
What do we do?
Listen: 'Brag on him.
' Praise the Lord!
Brag on him, lift him up, draw attention unto him, tell about how great he is.
How awesome is our God!
Lord, do that tonight: get up in faith and tell what great things he's going to do.
He's going to do it, and we're going to see it!
Hallelujah!
'For the purpose of it all is that you may be fishers of men.
Quit fishing in your own bathtubs; there are not any fish in your own bathtub!
Go out where the fish are and throw out the nets—not the hook, the nets—and pull them in!
' Hallelujah!
And bring them in, and the glory of the Lord shall shine, and the end time shall come, and he's going in the Holy Ghost.
He's been praying in the Holy Ghost, and he begins to say this: 'Moving into that place is fueled by prayer.
It's fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit, and ignited with His glory.
' Wow, say that again.
He got so tickled over saying that he started saying, 'Hallelujah to Jesus, glory to God.
' I said, 'Glory to God, glory to God, hallelujah.
' Fueled by prayer.
And he starts talking about it; he said, 'If there's no fuel, there's nothing to ignite.
' He said, 'Notice what the Spirit said.
' I never thought of it—it came out of the inside of me—he said, 'I never thought of it before: fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit, and ignited with His glory.
' We have to stop and analyze that.
Then he comes to this: 'If there is no fuel, there's nothing to fire.
If there's no fuel, there's nothing to fire.
It is fueled by prayer.
' We've got a big key here: prayer.
All this praying in the Spirit, the Holy Ghost said, is going to be fueled by prayer.
There will be churches in the body of Christ, in buildings where they meet, where the glory of God will fill the place like a cloud and everybody will see it.
And when that glory comes in manifestation, people walking by and driving by in their cars, even the unsaved, will feel the power; and folks down at the end of the block will fall under the power in their homes.
Thank You, Father.
And they will wonder, 'What is this strange power that's in manifestation for the glory of God?
' And the power of God will, like a cloud, hang over whole cities because you prayed—because you believed.
I just want to do a recap here.
So, here we are.
She's talking about how we're going to fuel this end-time revival, how we get the manifestation of what we're believing for instead of just waiting for it to happen.
I know it's in God's timing, but just like Brother Hagin was talking about it, prayer is a major key to this, interceding for the last outpouring.
Just like it was—you know, if we go back to what John Kilpatrick said with the Pensacola Revival—they had prayer there every night for a while, and they prayed for two years for a revival to break out in that area.
And so it was birthed through intercessory prayer, continually praying in the Spirit.
That church prayed and prayed, and then on a Father's Day, the manifestation of the outpouring started to manifest and took place.
It came.
At its very start, there were three men: George Whitefield, John Wesley, and Charles Wesley—three Englishmen—and they formed a club called The Holy Club.
In their Holy Club, they endeavored to live a holy life and to pray.
Their Holy Club had an unusual thing that happened to it.
I shall read you about it right here.
I wonder what book that is.
It had grown to 32 members when there came—just think about that right there.
Sorry to interrupt again, but 32 people praying, that's all.
Whenever I do a prayer thing on here, we'll have 3,500 people pray in the Spirit for at least 15 minutes.
So just think about that; we have great power and unity in prayer.
So, thirty-some people here.
Upon them, a great outpouring of the Spirit on New Year's Day, 1739.
Over 60 people were present at that moment when the Wesleys, George Whitefield, and others received God's power in the Spirit.
Waves of unspeakable joy passed over them, and they prostrated themselves on the ground in awe and adoration.
Thank God.
It gave these men a deep conviction that He was about to do something great and wonderful in England.
And as this great revival moved, it brought them to America.
It moved in the English-speaking world.
There are chapters in here—Paul Brady, where are you?
—about how it moved to Ulster and how it moved to Belfast and the things that happened.
But in the United States of America, it became known as the Great Awakening.
It was from 1739 until 1791.
There was a great connection between the Great Awakening and the American Revolution.
The outcome of the Great Awakening was the United States of America.
And one of the leaders—and these things are all in this book right here—was greatly affected by a man named Finney.
The Finney revivals.
And there's so much clue in here as to what happened with Finney, and I want to read you just a little bit of it.
Bless the Lord, hallelujah.
Revival fires follow Finney.
His biographer said that perhaps the most remarkable account of the manifestations of the Holy Spirit's power since apostolic days was in Finney's meetings.
It is crowded with accounts of spiritual outpourings which remind one of the Day of Pentecost.
The intensity and constancy of his ardor were surprising.
The sacred fire never seemed to burn low.
His campaign, which began in New York State, was absolutely preparing the way for the mighty move of revival that swept America in 1857 and 1858.
More than a million people came into the kingdom of God under his ministry, and though the population was not so large, 85% of the professed converts in the Finney revivals remained true to God.
These revivals spread and blessed churches from city to city and around and across America.
God poured—in the early days of his walk with the Lord, Finney learned about prevailing prayer and prayer burdens, and he would spend time in prayer, often going to the woods to be alone with God.
God poured out a spirit of prayer upon other people who followed Finney and went with him.
Much private prayer accompanied this revival.
And so Finney began to preach.
He went to a town in New York named Antwerp.
He walked through the streets, he heard profanity, and he spent the rest of the day in prayer.
And before a few days, most of its 2,250 citizens were converted.
Wow.
He visited a nearby village.
In the first service, the schoolhouse was full.
After 15 minutes, the congregation began to fall from their seats.
They fell in every direction and cried for mercy.
'If I had had a sword in each hand, I could not have cut them all from their seats as fast as they fell,' he wrote.
Indeed, nearly the whole congregation were either on their knees or prostrate.
'I think in less than two minutes from the first shock that fell upon them, everyone prayed for himself who was able to pray at all.
I, of course, was obliged to stop preaching, for no one any longer paid attention to me.
' Do it again, do it again, Lord.
The meetings went on and on, and whole towns would get saved.
He went to New York, Oneida County.
God gave a prayer burden on Friday.
Sunday, God came in power at the church services.
Finney prevailed in prayer and spoke in several parts of the town.
A Mrs.
Harris had wrestled in prayer night and day.
When she met Finney, she said, 'The Lord has come.
This work will spread over all this region.
A cloud of mercy overhangs us, and we shall see a great work of grace that has never yet been seen.
' Finney said that Mrs.
Harris's face had a most unearthly, heavenly glow that was plainly from Heaven.
She had won a revival through prayer.
Praise God, through prayer.
And then after the revival fire burned in the West for a while, it came to the town of Rome.
God gripped the people with such Holy Spirit conviction, Finney was afraid that the people could not control their emotions.
Finney led in prayer at the close of the meeting in a low, unemotional voice, trying to restrain the people who had begun to weep and sigh.
He urged them to control their feelings and go home without speaking a word to anyone.
The people obeyed, but their sighing and sobbing continued as they went down the street to their homes.
At daybreak, the people began sending for Finney.
He spent the morning going from house to house to pray with the people.
He finally announced a meeting for inquirers, and many more were convicted in the evening service.
People were so overwhelmed by the Holy Spirit's conviction that he dismissed the service and asked the people to go home.
Revival went on for twenty nights with a prayer meeting once a day, a meeting for inquirers at another time, and ministers' meetings at night.
Some people collapsed from conviction in the church services and some later in their own homes.
It had become common across America that people, by and large, in great groups of cities, were not born again.
He would go into these places and these things would happen.
Three men spent a day drinking and condemning the revival until one of them fell down dead.
Nearly all of the adult population of Rome, New York, was brought to Christ—lawyers, merchants, physicians, and town leaders.
The ministers said, "So far as my congregation is concerned, the Millennium has come.
" Everyone who came into the village felt an overwhelming sense of God's presence.
The sheriff of Utica, New York, twenty miles away, came on business.
He had laughed and mocked at the reports of the revival.
As his sleigh crossed the canal one mile outside of Rome, an awesome feeling of the presence of God gripped him.
The nearer to the village he came, the more powerfully he sensed God's presence.
The sheriff found the people in the business establishments too overcome with the awe of God—so overcome they could hardly speak without trying to keep from weeping.
The sheriff got up several times and went to the window.
He hurried to complete his business and hastened back to Utica.
Soon he was converted.
Bless the Lord, Finney urged the people to pray to God earnestly.
Now get this; here's one part I want to highlight: Finney would go into a town and he would urge the people to pray to God earnestly and expectantly for the immediate outpouring of His Holy Spirit.
He told them that if they united in prayer, they could get God's answer quicker than a letter could come from Albany, the state's capital.
Several men agreed to prove God in that way and their prayer was answered just that quickly.
Finney wrote, "Indeed, the town was full of prayer.
Go where you would, you heard the voice of prayer.
Pass along the streets, if two or three Christians happened to be together, they were praying.
Wherever they met, they prayed.
Wherever there was a sinner unconverted, especially if he manifested any opposition, you'd find two or three brothers or sisters agreeing to make him a particular subject of prayer.
" Hallelujah!
That's what we have to do.
The sheriff of Utica, a new convert, went back to the boarding house where he boarded and began to pray for the hotel keeper.
In Utica, the Holy Ghost fell.
A divine influence seemed to pervade Utica and Rome during these revivals and turned the area into a zone of holiness.
The same phenomenon was occurring along the whole eastern coast of the United States.
During the 1858 revival—which was a later one—the Oneida Presbytery met in Utica.
An aged clergyman complained that everywhere he went in the town, people talked about prayer and revival.
He got up in the presbytery meeting and made a violent speech against the revival.
That night, many Christians prayed fervently that the revival would not be hindered by his speech.
In the morning, this minister was found dead in his bed in the hotel.
I've heard Brother Hagin prophesy that when this starts, there are going to be some people that are going to go on home, and he prophesied that there would be such judgments.
I love this part about it: a Methodist church was formed in the town and then a Presbyterian church.
When Finney would go to a town, he'd preach in one church, it would build; he'd go to another denomination, it would build.
In the same towns, there would be different denominational churches and the whole town would have the revival and everybody's church would grow.
I'll end that there, but I want to talk to you all about it.
Whenever the Lord showed me about the time of revival—and I've told you whenever I've seen into it—the Lord showed me that the denominational barriers were coming down.
I believe that, just like we have so much separation between the Baptists, the Methodists, the Catholics, the Presbyterians, and the Church of Christ, the Lord showed me.
He said, "Brandon, for what's coming, it's going to be one body.
All the different tents and all the different thinkings are going to come down through this great shaking that's about to take place.
" It's a great shaking, and so all of the body of Christ will come together as one.
The Lord showed me this would be a massive molding of people because of a kind of camaraderie—kind of like when I told you all about 9/11.
What happened at 9/11?
There was a real camaraderie, a patriotism that happened over America.
I believe there will be a patriotism in the body of Christ, a camaraderie where everybody's excited to work together for this last outpouring.
I believe that we will see denominational barriers start to come down, and we're going to see this massive move of a wave of the Spirit of God upon all flesh, of a great harvest of souls.
So I want to encourage you all listening to these old prophecies.
Listen to these men of God and how they got it: they got it through prayer.
How many stories were told and prophetic words were given about prayer, like I talked about John Kilpatrick and Finney and these people—they birthed it out of prayer.
Even with the Azusa Street Revival, it happened out of a birthing out of prayer.
That was in the 1900s.
Here we are a hundred years later and we're about to see another revival, and I believe it will be birthed out of prayer.
If it happened every single time before, it's going to happen again.
So we're going to start praying more.
We're going to pray for the revival, we're going to pray for an outpouring, we're going to pray for a harvest of souls—that people would wake up out of their compromise, wake up out of their spiritual slumber, their lukewarmness.
It would be like pouring gasoline on a fire; that refiner's fire would burn up inside of them and they would know that Jesus is coming.
They would have a revelation that Jesus is coming, and they would be shaken and woken out of their slumber and their sleep.
Their eyes would be open and they would know that they're not going to get left, and they would have a revelation that Jesus loves them.
So let's pray right now.
Let's pray for it.
I don't know how long this video has been going on, but I'm trying to show you that this is how you stir yourself up.
This is how you do it: you go back and you find stuff and you read those old books of revivals past to get excited about what God wants to do in your life.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
If He did a revival back then, He'll do a revival now.
The eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart that is perfect toward Him.
"Let Your eyes fall upon me"—that's what I say all the time.
"Let Your eyes fall upon my life, Father, that I would be a vessel that You would use for this end-time harvest.
" I pray that on the other side of this camera, you would say the same: that Jesus would use you for this end-time harvest, that we would be bold in our faith, that we would not shy back when we see wicked or dark things, that we would be the ones who are light in the darkness and turn on that light and expose the darkness.
So Father, right now in the name of Jesus, I lift every single one of these people up before You.
I pray a great hunger, a great thirst for Your glory, a manifestation of Your presence on their life.
I pray, Father, for a refiner's fire, a stirring in them.
In the name of Jesus, Father, let them be thirsty.
This salt of the earth causes people to get thirsty.
I pray for a thirst in their spirit, a thirst in their soul, a thirst in their flesh to want more of Jesus.
I want more of Your revival—to turn away from this world, to turn away from the darkness, to turn away from the things of this earth and to seek Jesus, and to realize that Jesus is coming soon.
Jesus is coming, and we need to be ready with our lamps full of oil, full of the oil of the Holy Ghost.
Full of revival, ready for the outpouring of the Spirit of God, one last harvest of souls, one last push for Your mighty moving hand on this earth.
Father, I thank You that we are that generation that will see the Lord Jesus Christ come again.
Father, we have a revelation of this, that this generation will not pass before the Son of Man returns.
I believe with all my heart that we are that generation that will see Jesus come again in our lifetime, that we will not taste death, that we'll be raptured out of here.
Father, I thank You for every unsaved loved one that is represented here and behind the camera.
You said, 'If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me,' and I pray, Father, for every single person that is unsaved, and every wayward child or backslider in any way.
I call you: come forth out of that darkness in the name of Jesus.
I speak for laborers to go across their path.
I thank You, Father, that in the midnight hour when they're sleeping, in the early hours of the morning, that they would have a revelation or a dream—some kind of supernatural experience with an angel or the Holy Ghost Himself to shake them and show them: get right before the Lord, you're going to get left, you're going to burn forever.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we would have this great harvest of souls.
A great healing revival will take place.
Our government would wake up and know that Jesus loves them and have a repentant heart for all the wickedness that they're doing.
I thank You, Father Lord, we praise You, God.
We call people healed and whole and well in Jesus' name for signs and wonders of the glory, signs and wonders of the church moving in authority in these last days.
We call forth healings over bodies right now in the name of Jesus: deliverance from nicotine and tobacco right now in the name of Jesus, from drugs, from perversion of all kinds.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over them in Jesus' name.
Delivered from cancer, stage four cancer—any kind of cancer—we curse cancer in the name of Jesus and we command it to go away.
We call those rebellious cells to line up with the Word of God.
We call diabetes to be healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
We call deliverance from gallbladder disease and thyroid disease.
High blood pressure to be healed and whole and well; blood pressure to be normal.
We call deliverance of all kinds over their bodies: fibromyalgia, lupus, PTSD, and all kinds of disorders of the brain.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Alzheimer's and dementia, autism, and cerebral palsy.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over their bodies right now in Jesus' name.
Severe depression, we break you off of them in Jesus' name.
We break depression off these people.
Anxiety disorders of all kinds, we curse it in Jesus' name.
We command anxiety to be gone from their lives in Jesus' name.
We speak to their adrenal glands to be healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, for Your delivering power; You came to set the captives free.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for healing over their bodies.
Father, we thank You for deliverance over their finances for creative ideas to get wealth.
I thank You, Father, that there are supernatural ideas to get wealth, creative ideas.
Father, I pray over their minds.
Father, I thank You for favor with their employment.
Wherever they need a job, Father, let them have jobs and raises and bonuses and benefits, sales and commissions.
Father, we pray over their marriages.
Father, we call restoration of their marriages.
We say, Father, in the name of Jesus, their marriage is getting better.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the love is rekindled back in that home and over their children.
They have a restored home in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank You there's peace over their marriage, that they rise up and they take authority over that home and they'll not let the devil rob them of their marriage, of their home, of their children.
Father, let them realize that greater is He that is in them than he that is in the world, that they don't have to have a devil's hell in their house, that they have peace that passes all understanding over their home.
Father, we just give You all the glory and honor and praise for this in the name of Jesus.
We just thank You, Father, for this encouragement today, that there's going to be something massive happen in the days ahead.
I hope this encourages you all today, I really do.
This is what I feed on; I try to find things that will stir me up, get me excited about what's coming.
Like I said, I've told you about the dark side of things; now it's time to focus on some light and know that God has a great plan for your life.
It's not all doom and gloom; there are good days ahead for the believer.
I believe with all my heart they'll be the best of days and the worst of days for some folks if they don't get on the right side of things.
It's time to get on the glory side.
I hope this blessed you today.
Thank you for joining me.
If you're still watching, thank you for all the support, the likes, and the kind words in the comment section.
I just want to say, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
Thank you for joining us today.
You all have a blessed one, and we'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.